tisn't trials Rider a trials bike there
is no saddle there are no kieres is no
suspension the most expensive thing on
this bike are the brakes a very very
good reason tonight's Dunkin we have
another former British trials champion
today a man Lucas for a couple of months
ago he still feels it here we have some
noise for Ali's feelings Ali's see
another ride on it inspires you the same
type of bike the dirty rice Ali is
already sports of blood coming I
receiver from earlier practice an
unbelievable talent on the street I'll
see here they did general wants to go
let's hear biology please joining our
two trials riders 24 lives from the clan
cycle starting our bone bankers they're
going to be going huge and i'll pick
around here the first amount from ali
more a man who's done just about every
sure this from day one ladies and
gentlemen this is nash Martin
he's never not be obvious so they did
him a national a b-boy here not
belittling Townsend our job are joining
hip a man who is new to our team this
year when excited he ripped the sleeves
off her teacher we don't mind laserjet
this is Ricky Ricky got absolutely
massive ring here joining the poor lads
from the class cycle stunting my man who
does not need any introduction ladies
and gentlemen you might have heard of
him here we have some noise for Danny
MacAskill
I make two years ago this man released a
little video onto youtube since then his
life has gone up believing what's gone
wrong why's he in Scottish he is proud
of in Scottish once again please we're
gonna stop with a